Freedom lies in being absolutely locked into, and fully committed to this very
moment of time – to fully embrace being a flesh and blood human being on this
paradisiacal material earth.
    -- Peter
%
The exquisiteness and sensual delight of being here, doing what is happening,
means the ending of the idea that I am coming from somewhere or that I am going
somewhere.
    -- Peter
%
What’s awesome is that it’s easier and easier for me to notice the actual world.
All I have to do is start looking for the things that are actually here and
pretty soon I’m face to face with them. Plus once in a while it’s like a circuit
connects in my brain and there’s this really interesting sense of immediacy with
it all.
    -- Claudiu
%
Little do people realise that what they are looking for lies just under their
nose; the actuality of peace-on-earth is no further away than instantaneously
now in time and properly here on this planet in space. It only takes a
determination to evince for oneself something infinitely better than that which
has been promised but never delivered. It only takes a sincerity of purpose and
a pure intent to instigate a beginning of the end of woe and malevolence. It
only takes a dedication to the actualisation of freedom to uncover and make
apparent the factual perfection that lies open all around for those with the
eyes to see. It only takes the devotion of one’s every waking moment to the
delightful task of allowing the instant bestowal of individual universal peace
at this moment in time ... befittingly here in the ultimate immediacy of this
juncture in space.
    -- Richard
%
The candid and unabashed sensate enjoyment of one’s body and the world around
one is such a luscious and immediate experience, that the tantalising but
ever-elusive promise of the mystique of love fades into the oblivion it
deserves.
    -- Richard
%